Planning Wrdz
==============

Landing
-------

“Welcome to Wrdz, a place for your thoughts.  Private, public, anonymous, the choice is yours. ”

Call it what you want, journal, diary, captain’s log, you need a place to set your thoughts.

Write freely with Wrdz.

Join Wrdz
or read what others have already written

Small signin in bottom left corner - no nav bar on landing

But when you navigate to other parts of the site and are not signed in, two buttons signin/signup on right side of nav

Important here to see that if you are not signed in you can only go to read

Must be sure that all other routes besides read handle no user appropriately


Signup/Signin
-------------

Both are modals 

All three major social auths should be present, with email as a small link below that transforms the modal

If there is social signon, the next screen (still in the modal) will be to set your username,
You can always go back and change your username

Write
--------------
Publish Modal

Current top/trending, typeahead search bar

After submission, modal changes to link highlighted and twitter share button (but the cool one that reveals when you hover)


Topic Modal

Typeahead search bar (but only your topics, not public)

Arrow under right panel to load 10 more notes


Read
----------------
Two views, List and Item

List

Front
  (No Other Options)
New
  (No other options)
Topics
  Scrollable list on right of most popular topics
Following
  Scrollable list of who you are following, clicking brings up only their posts
  Carret dropdown next to name brings options for 
    Profiles
    Unfollow


Item

Back arrow button for return to List view
Right arrow on side of screen goes to next note in the current list
Right panel has Author info if not Anon
  Username (username click goes to profile), follow button, karma, followers
  Should bio go here too (is bio only 200 characters?)

Left panel has four things
  Votes
  Button that lists number and ticks up when you click
  Hearts
  Same has votes, but item is saved in your hearts folder
  Talk
    Expands into textarea inside left bar to write note to author.  Upon sending a conversation is started in your Talk view between you and the author (anon if published doc is anon)
      need signal that anon note is anon

At bottom of note, maybe some social share buttons and other info (Data..) regarding doc

Reply (or Respond)
  Redirects to Write view where you have a new note titled “Re: {{Doc_Title}}” And the original note is pasted below yours, but not editable


Talk
----------------
Two column
Left Col, list of conversation that each include
  the note regarding title
  from (or anon)
  Indicator if read or not

Right Col, message
  Most recent message at top and all history is scrollable below
  Text area is fixed at top for writing a new message, send button
  Block button under caret on upper right of note, modal prompt to assure you don’t want to be notified if this user ever talks to you again
  
TODO, drafts field in user for unfinished messages that are not yet persisted to message datafield

AUTH - must be server side auth test to be sure that someone trying to access a given message is listed as a contributor in the message data.


Me
----------------
‘Me’ on navbar could have dropdown caret for easy access to these, but always be able to just click it and go to My Wrdz

Settings
  Username
  Bio
  View

My Wrdz
  Sort and Read
  By Date, Topic, Published/Private, Anon, rank by date/hearts/votes/views
  Returns list on right side but if you click a note it expands, but list is still scrollable
  When note expands, you have option to archive or edit (open in Write)

My Hearts
  Same as My Wrdz except the docs you have hearted, easily sortable as well

Following
  Left side, list of followers
  Right side, profile info, including ‘View Profile’, but all the info is there except for notes





Extra Notes

Your thing is about the 80:20 rule.  That rule only exists as it pertains to a limit on a business model (based on driving users to the site) where the default action is social.  If you drive a lot of visitors to a site just for non social purposes AND have the social aspect driving users.  That is a great company.  So what’s the way to do that? Your app is one thing.  Writing.  At the most basic level, when we write, the first attribute of the piece of writing is whether or not we would like other people to read it, and if just one person or everyone.  

